SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 30 (#11410)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/controls/wpf-content-model.md

|<xref:System.Windows.Controls.ItemsControl>|A collection of arbitrary objects.|  
|<xref:System.Windows.Controls.HeaderedItemsControl>|A header and a collection of items, all of which are arbitrary objects.|  
  
 Controls that inherit from these classes can contain the same type of content and treat the content in the same way. The following illustration shows one control from each content model that contains an image and some text:  
  

>  ![Screenshot that shows a control from each content model.](./media/wpf-content-model/control-content-model-image-text.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Screenshot that shows four different controls, one from each content model.](./media/wpf-content-model/control-content-model-image-text.png)  
```
